Update compatibility and dependencies for 0.10.0 (#1218)
ansys/pydpf-core: README.md

For more information on PyDPF-Core plotting capabilities, see [Plot](https://dpf.docs.pyansys.com/version/stable/user_guide/plotting.html) in the PyDPF-Core documentation.

> To use PyDPF-Core with Ansys 2022R1, install the latest compatible version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use PyDPF-Core with Ansys 2022 R1, install the latest compatible version
```

with this command:

```con
   pip install ansys-dpf-core<0.10.0
```

> To use PyDPF-Core with Ansys 2021R2, install the latest compatible version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use PyDPF-Core with Ansys 2021 R2, install the latest compatible version
```
